## What is an Email Fragment?

### Elements of an Approved Email

Approved Email uses HTML, CSS and a set of Veeva Approved Email Configuration Tokens to enable Content Creators to create re-usable, compelling and compliant content for Reps to send to HCPs.

There are several elements that can make up an Approved Email.

The main component is the Email Template.

### Email Fragments

An Email Fragment is a modular HTML snippet that may contain embedded text, image(s), a link to promotional/reference material stored in Veeva Vault PromoMats, or a URL.

Email Fragments cannot be standalone and must be embedded into an email Template.

#### Recommendations

An Email Fragment provides a way to share new or updated content without creating more Email Templates.

It is the recommended Modular Content strategy and allows for reuse across multiple templates.

It is possible to include multiple Email Fragments in a single Email Template.

The content can be dynamic by using Approved Email Configuration Tokens but only Tokens which DO NOT required the input of the Rep are supported in Email Fragments.

Email Fragments cannot be placed in multiple locations within an Email Template but it's possible to re-order the Fragments via drag and drop.

## What is a Template Fragment?

### Template Fragments

A Template Fragment is a HTML snippet, used to create a footer appended to an Email Template and can be used across many Email Templates.

The Template Fragment enables the use of repeated and standardized text and is stored in Vault PromoMats.

#### Recommendations

It is the recommended Modular Content strategy and can be reused across multiple templates.

Template Fragments are a snippet of email content which can include copy, images, or hyperlinks to documents stored in Vault or on external servers.

## How to send Documents in Approved Email?

### Documents with Approved Email

Approved Email also enables Reps to quickly and compliantly distribute documents like PDF files or Videos in the emails.

The files are not traditionally attached to the email. Documents are only accessible via a hyperlink.

The files must be uploaded to Veeva Vault and referenced in the email as a hyperlink.

Documents can be linked to 1 or more Email Templates and/or Email Fragments. Documents can be related to only 1 product record in Veeva CRM.

Advantage over regular attachments.

- The hyperlink is only a reference to the document in Vault and customers can update it, ensuring HCPs always access the latest and approved version reducing regulatory risk.
- The customer may manually on schedule the expiration of a distributed document, preventing HCP access if the document is withdrawn.
- Track when and how many times a document was opened by the HCP.

### Related Vault Documents and Vault Viewer

Related Vault Documents are documents that have been approved for distribution and stored in Vault PromoMats.

These can be included via links in an Approved Email Template or Fragment to allow Reps to share content. The documents will be viewed in Vault Viewer.

The Vault Viewer is a default document viewer that allows email recipients to view Vault documents. Vault Viewer can be embedded into an external branded website.

Documents in Vault Viewer can be downloaded.

When the recipient views different documents in Vault Viewer, viewed events are captured and then created in Veeva CRM (these are not created in real time, but when the next scheduled job runs via Vault).

**Promotional Piece:** Clinical trials, safety studies, dosing guidelines, etc.

**Reference Document:** Important Safety Information or Prescribing Information.

### Reference Document Download

Reference documents are opened in the Document Viewer. The customer might want to let the HCP download one of the below combinations:

- The PDF version of the reference document (generated by Vault).
- The original reference document (MS Word for example).
- Both.
- Neither.

Download options can be controlled with the two fields below.

- **Allow PDF Download** is being populated by default on all Vault documents making PDF download the default behavior. Clear the field value to prevent PDF download.
- **Allow Source Download [^1]** To allow source file downloads from the Approved Email external viewer, populate the value Approved Email.

[^1]: Allow Source Download field must be enabled. In Vault go to Admin > Configuration > Document Fields > Base Document and enable the field.

## Quiz

> [!faq]- An Email Fragment is a modular HTML snippet that can't contain embedded text or images.
> 
> False.

> [!faq]- Email Fragments can be placed in multiple locations within an Email Template.
> 
> False.

> [!faq]- Reference documents are opened in the Document Viewer. Which options below can be set by the customer to control document download?
> 
> - Allow PDF download.
> - Allow source download.
> - Not available for download.

> [!faq]- Email Fragments can be standalone in an Approved Email.
> 
> True.

> [!faq]- A Template Fragment is an HTML snippet, used to create a footer appended to an Email Template and can be used across many Email Templates.
> 
> True.

> [!faq]- Documents in Vault Viewer can never be downloaded.
> 
> False.

> [!faq]- Which of the following are elements of a Veeva Approved Email?
> 
> - Email Templates.
> - Template Fragments.
> - Email Fragments.

> [!faq]- Documents can be linked to 1 or more Email Templates and/or Email Fragments.
> 
> True.

> [!faq]- The hyperlink of a Document is only a reference to the document in Vault and customers are unable to make any updates.
> 
> False.

> [!faq]- It is possible to include multiple Email Fragments in a single Email Template.
> 
> True.
