# Support for Renditions in Vault PromoMats

## InDesign Packages in Vault PromoMats

InDesign Packages (ZIP files) are output from Adobe inDesign and contain all project assets and information, including high-resolution graphics and custom fonts.

When using Vault PromoMats as a Digital Asset Management (DAM), InDesign Auto Linking allows for efficiencies when uploading creative files, creating the viewable rendition and linking to component assets.

When users upload an InDesign Package, Vault automatically generates viewable renditions using the InDesign files, graphics, and custom fonts within the package.

The result is high-quality PDF that can be used for MLR. Vault does not support full-text search within this PDF.

### Creating an InDesign Package

Package your InDesign file. Create as a new, independent folder - not within an existing folder directory. Enable these settings when creating the InDesign Package:

- Copy Fonts (Recommended).
- Copy Linked Graphics.
- Update Graphic Links in Package.
- Include IDML.
- Include PDF (Hight Quality Print).

Create a .zip file of the InDesign Package Folder so it can be uploaded to Vault. Do not alter the content or names packaged files after thay have been downloaded from InDesign.

Upload the Package.

### InDesign Auto Linking

When a zipped InDesign Package is uploaded, Vault will automatically extract the package components and add them to the 'Auto-Linked' drop-down in the Relationships section of the Doc Info Panel.

A user no longer needs to manually:

- Upload the Links from an InDesign package.
- Relate the Links components to the Document.
- Sort out which existing document to link to.
- If there are dupliactes, the system automatically matches to the latest version.

### InDesign Considerations

1. Do not alter the InDesign Package directly on your computer after you have exported it. If needed, make changes directly within InDesign and re-download to your computer for upload to Vault PromoMats.

2. The PDF created in Vault PromoMats is generated by Vault processing the INDD and IMDL file, not from the PDF within the InDesign package.

## Other Documents Renditions

### PowerPoint Document Rendering

PowerPoint documents are automatically rendered in Vault without Speaker Notes. if the Notes view is required for review and approbal, then this can be changed via the PowerPoint rendition settings in Vault PromoMats.

### PowerPoint Rendition Settings

To make changes to the PowerPoint Rendition Settings for a document:

- Select 'PowerPoint Rendition Settings' from the 'Action Menu'.
- Change the Layout to 'Speaker Notes'.
- If there are hidden slides that need to be visible, tick show hidden slides.
- Click 'OK'.

### PowerPoint Speaker Notes View Rendition

The Speaker Notes View in Vault PromoMats will show the images and text that are in the Notes view in PowerPOint allowing the reviewer full visibility directly within Vault PromoMats.

### Rendition Settings for Word

Word documents have specific renditions settings that can be altered to change the way the document displays in Vault PromoMats.

'Word Rendition Settings' allow the option to display 'All Markup' or 'No Markup'.

## Re-Render Document Action

Re-rendering your document may correct any errors that occur when Vault creates a viewable rendition of your document. The 'Re-Render document' action in Vault generates another viewable rendition of your document to reaplce the current version. Vault will use the reason selected, i.e. 'Images and/or colors appear differently in viewer and the viewable rendition' to understand the specific rendition problem and attemplt to render a more accurate viewable rendition based on the choice made.

This option may not be available for all users depending on your sharing settings and permissions.

To re-render the viewable rendition of a document that doesn't appear correctly:

1. Click on Action Menu.
2. Select Re-Render Document.
3. Select the reason the documents needs re-rendering:

    - This will differ by source file format.
    - Select Show additional issues to provide more options.
